Feat: Deprecate Header component #DS-1598 (#1942)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/Header/README.md

This component uses the `Icon` component internally. To ensure correct rendering,
please refer to the [Icon component documentation][web-react-icon-documentation] for setup instructions.

> ### ⚠️ DEPRECATION NOTICE

Reviewer: I would move this to the top of the file. This is important and shouldn't be lost on row 600 :)

Author: I agree... but I used the previous PR with deprecation and it was at the end of the file. However... it is moved on the top now.

> The component will be removed in the next version. We will be replacing the current implementation of the `Header`

Reviewer 2: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
The component will be removed in the next major version. We will be replacing the current implementation of the `Header`
```

> The component will be removed in the next major version. We will be replacing the current implementation of the `Header`

Reviewer 2: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
The component will be removed in the next major version. The component will be replaced by the current implementation of the `Header`
```
